{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=538, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17320\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This group is for people who can see beyond the \'93painful sacrifices\'94 and supposed \'93centuries of hate\'94 to the tremendous benefits Mideast Peace will bring.\
\
Can it happen?  Why not?  The past century has seen the resolution of huge numbers of conflicts, many longer and more deeply rooted than between Israelis and Palestinians.  Do French and Germans invade each other as they did for more than a thousand years?  Has over 400 years of hate and thousands of deaths prevented Catholics and Protestants from living peacefully in Northern Ireland?  What happened to the Cold War and apartheid?  Do civil wars still rage across Latin America, Yugoslavia, Mozambique, Cambodia, Rwanda?  Conflict still exists to be sure, but the trend towards peace and democracy is clear.  Its time for Israel and Palestine to join the party.\
\
Once peace breaks out the benefits will be huge.  Think of Israel: a small countries with a small population and limited natural resources yet possessing with huge technological know-how and intellectual capital.  Combine that with Arab energy resources, investment capital, labor, and consumers and what do you get?  In all likelihood an emerging economic powerhouse.\
\
It time to stop arguing with the peace can\'92t work crowd.  Instead lets propose a concrete easy-to-understand goal that encapsulates the vision we know will happen.\
\
How bout this:   Israel-Palestine World Cup 2030!\
\
IPWC2030 means two neighbor living side by side in peace\
IPWC2030 means stable societies and economic growth\
IPWC2030 means Israel and Palestine recognized and respected as full members of the world community\
IPWC2030 means a future where where Jews or Palestinians live is as controversial as where French and Germans live, or blacks and white.\
\
Still not convinced?   How plausible was a South African World Cup in 1989?  Almost inconceivable.  And yet with apartheid and civil strife raging, suddenly there was the will for peace.  21 years later: World Cup. \
\
Let\'92s get this done:  Israel-Palestine World Cup 2030!\
\
Find out more at ipwc2030.net\
\
\
\
\
Why I\'92m pro-Israel for J-Street\
I am the future of pro-Israel because I can see beyond the \'93painful sacrifices\'94 to the huge benefits that peace and integration will bring to Israel.  Because I can see that Israel\'92s technological expertise and intellectual capital are a natural fit for its neighbors natural resources, investment capital, labor and markets.  Because I can envision a future where Israel and its neighbor Palestine are able to do things like host a World Cup, just as South Africa did in 2010.\
\
}